Remove doc mention of `judgehost restriction` (#2217)
DOMjudge/domjudge: doc/manual/judging.rst

   checks, or accepted and stored as a *submission*.
#. The first available *judgehost* compiles, runs and checks
   the submission. The outcome and outputs are stored as a
   *judging* of this submission. If parallel judging is enabled,
   multiple judgehosts may pick up and work on the same submission
   (if there is no queue of pending submissions).
#. To avoid starving other teams from judgehost resources,
   submissions from teams that submit while they have other submissions

>    in the judge queue will be penalized by downgrading their judging priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   in the judge queue will get lower priority than a submission from a team that has no earlier submission being judged yet.
```

   checks, or accepted and stored as a *submission*.
#. The first available *judgehost* compiles, runs and checks
   the submission. The outcome and outputs are stored as a

>    *judging* of this submission. Note that it is possible to

Reviewer 2: nit: I would phrase it like this:
"If parallel judging is enabled, multiple judgehosts may pick up and work on the same submission (if there is no queue of pending submissions)."

   parallelize this when only one submission is waiting.
#. In case that multiple submissions are not judged yet the

>    load will be spread over all judgehosts. There is a slight delay

Reviewer 2: Suggested phrasing (how do I do this in this github UI directly?):
To avoid starving other teams from judgehost resources, submissions from teams that submit while they have other submissions in the judge queue will be penalized by downgrading their judging priority.

Author: > Suggested phrasing (how do I do this in this github UI directly?): To avoid starving other teams from judgehost resources, submissions from teams that submit while they have other submissions in the judge queue will be penalized by downgrading their judging priority.

From the files tab, close to the line number you can drag. than you can comment there and there is a symbol [page with plus-minus] where you can change your suggestion.
